hello I'm Maggie Hammond I teach on the
complete Creative Writing course and I
worked as a novelist a publisher a
journalist and I'm the author of
creative writing for dummies I'm here to
answer some common questions about
writing it's important to set out any
kind of business or professional letter
really clearly and there are certain
conventions for this that people will
expect to see so you write the address
at the top right hand corner of the page
and put the post code and you might also
nowadays want to put your email address
underneath it it's then important that
you put the date you can put the date
underneath your address or you can put
it on the other side of the page above
the address of the person that you're
sending the letter to then you need the
name of the person you're sending the
letter to that will go here and then you
write their address underneath it
you probably don't need to put the full
postcode unless you're going to put it
in one of those transparent envelopes
that you want it to show through because
when they receive it they'll know what
their own address is then it's important
to put the name of the person you're
writing to and this is a tricky bit
because if you know them you'll want to
put their Christian name if you don't
know them at all you'll want to put mr.
miss missus warmers and the surname and
if it's in between probably it would be
better to put their first name and their
surname without the title in a business
letter it can be really helpful if you
then put the subject matter of the
letter underneath underneath the comma
so you might put re the visit to Hungary
or whatever it is that the subject of
your letter is and then you start
writing your letter you want to keep it
straightforward and simple you normally
start underneath the comma although if
it's a very long title you probably set
it a bit further towards the margin and
then after you've started writing your
paragraph you go back to this line and
keep writing like this until you reach
the end of the paragraph and then you
put your full stop and then you start
your new paragraph you can leave a line
space if you like because it makes the
letter look clearer and easier to read
and then you do whichever paragraph you
need and then when you come to end the
letter leave a line space and you
normally put yours sincerely if you know
the person yours faithfully if you don't
or if you know them you might put kind
regards or best wishes and you put your
name at the bottom typed and you sign it
in the gap in between if you're going to
carry on over the page you normally put
a line and put two and then you turn
over your page and you continue with
your letter and end it here it's really
not difficult and it makes a good
impression if you have a clear and well
laid out letter and that's how to set
out a letter